DOC Add segment on CSS styling (#788)
sphinx-gallery/sphinx-gallery: doc/advanced.rst

    extensions = ['sphinx_gallery.load_style']

This will only cause the ``gallery.css`` file to be added to your build.

> Add your own CSS styling

Reviewer: CSS is already discussed two places in `configuration.rst`, first in tweaking thumbnails then later with mini galleries:

https://sphinx-gallery.github.io/stable/configuration.html

So the content in this PR should probably be worked in there somewhere.

========================

To alter the appearance of your examples gallery you can add your own CSS file
using the Sphinx configuration `html_static_path

> <https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/configuration.html#confval-html_static_path>`_.

Reviewer: Better to use an intersphinx link like
```suggestion
using the Sphinx configuration :ref:`sphinx:confval-html_static_path>`_.
```
This wasn't trivial because of https://github.com/sphinx-doc/sphinx/issues/5562 so I pushed a commit to do it

> The CSS files included by Sphinx-Gallery can be found `here

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CSS files included by Sphinx-Gallery can be found `on GitHub
```
